c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\bin\Debug\Project1.exe.config
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\obj\Debug\Project1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\bin\Debug\Project1.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\bin\Debug\Project1.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\bin\Debug\Google.GData.AccessControl.DLL
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\bin\Debug\Google.GData.Analytics.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\bin\Debug\Google.GData.Apps.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\bin\Debug\Google.GData.Blogger.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\bin\Debug\Google.GData.Calendar.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\bin\Debug\Google.GData.Client.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\bin\Debug\Google.GData.Contacts.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\bin\Debug\Google.GData.ContentForShopping.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\bin\Debug\Google.GData.Documents.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\bin\Debug\Google.GData.Extensions.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\bin\Debug\Google.GData.Photos.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\bin\Debug\Google.GData.Spreadsheets.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\bin\Debug\Google.GData.WebmasterTools.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\bin\Debug\Google.GData.YouTube.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\obj\Debug\Project1.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\obj\Debug\Project1.pdb
